[100pts] Your website showcases a brand identity and uniformity. This can be displayed through a color scheme, icons, font families and styling, and implementation of Design Principles. [100pts] Much of the content of the site is generated via the associated API for your group's topic. [75pts] Fully responsive layout, using any responsive technique you please. [75pts] Your contribution to your group. (if doing the project as an individual you automatically receive 40% (30pts) on this task) [50pts] Your project should be built on a shared GitHub repository with at least three branches and two merged Pull Requests. [50pts] At least three CSS animations (translate, rotate, opacity, scale, color, etc.).

[75pts] A working HTML form with at least 5 . You may decide how to display or interpret the entered information [50pts] Have a table that retrieves different data from the API based on factors or inputs from the user. [50pts] Meet standardized accessibility requirements, including font size, font families, colors. [30pts] Include a working Modal on the Website. [30pts] Have togglable color themes. [25pts] Implement the CSS framework Bootstrap to style your website (must be the majority of your styling) [15pts] Publish your website on GitHub Pages. [5pts] Include a favicon [3pts/each] Use of images, you can receive credit for up to 20. … more to come soon …

All additional features should be chosen as a team and reflect a concurrent amount of work that is similar to the scoring of the point values in the optional elements category. You should document each additional feature that your team includes in the final page submission PDF with clear evidence of the work completed, suggested points allotted, and description of what was done.

Chart.js
User Account sign-in system, login forms
Search Functionality for specific entries in the data
… more to come soon … A Reminder of AI Usage I will always encourage the use of AI to help you with your coursework, but to be wise and accountable in its use. For each instance that AI is used, you must disclose it in the comments of your code with a date stamp and the prompt you provided the AI with. In general, you may use AI to help you with the design of your website, but the content must be original and created by you.